robot ears stand by with craig charles
really of the step ladder holding a star
over mace to that sad craig big brother
with its morning star three
so they're the Watts team will show the
captain the morning staff flail over the
front of big brother nature with a
lifting arm immediately in underneath
well it's sort of wedge-shaped isn't it
big brother
coming to a triangular point at the
front almost makes two churning and
spinning Big Brother question here of
the lifting arm against the flail which
has been largely ineffective looks good
but ineffective and death metal
delegating at fitz's in there on Big
Brother may sue doing a lot of good work
early on here flying the Union Jack but
now the drive by Big Brother with death
see and watch the control
h2 backing away
they're Shane Howard has the controls
try and found alongside him with the hat
bashing together crunching
screaming metal you know get another
quick attack there by Big Brother good
driving by nation dodging away though
thank you Joe and now spinning big
rubber up and over and there the guiding
light the guiding friendly star
and has it Sean most wisely prudently
and luckily on meister again I think so
because dead meadow is in on Big Brother
and there will be no judge's decision
this time for or against Big Brother
Little Joe oh whoa cease biggest big
brother have gone out
brother get sprayed in the face by mates
too nice to go through